Add PyTorch Glossary (#40639)
pytorch/pytorch: GLOSSARY.md

# PyTorch Glossary 

#### TorchScript
An interface to the TorchScript JIT compiler and interpreter.

#### ATen
Short for "A Tensor Library". The foundational tensor and mathematical
operation library on which all else is built.

#### Operation
A unit of work. For example, a MatMul is an operation.

#### Native Operation

> An operation that comes natively with PyTorch ATen.

Reviewer: An example like above, or maybe an actual Python Operation `torch.add` would be nice

Author: Done.

#### Custom Operations

> Operations that are defined by users and are usually Compound Operations.

Reviewer: Maybe an example would be nice.

Author: Done.

# PyTorch Glossary 

#### TorchScript
An interface to the TorchScript JIT compiler and interpreter.

#### ATen
Short for "A Tensor Library". The foundational tensor and mathematical
operation library on which all else is built.

#### Operation
A unit of work. For example, the work of matrix multiplication is an operation
called aten::matmul.

#### Native Operation
An operation that comes natively with PyTorch ATen, for example aten::matmul.

#### Custom Operation

> An Operations that is defined by users and are usually Compound Operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An Operation that is defined by users and is usually a Compound Operation.
```

Author: Done.

For example, this
[tutorial](https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/notes/extending.html) details how
to create Custom Operations.

#### Kernel
Implementation of a PyTorch operation, specifying what should be done when an 
operation executes.

#### Compound Operation
A Compound Operation is composed of other operations. Its kernel is usually
device-agnostic. Normally it doesn't have its own derivative functions defined.
Instead, AutoGrad automatically computes its derivative based on operations it

> used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
uses.
```

Author: Done.
